README.md, before:

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ansible.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ansible)
[![Build Status](https://api.shippable.com/projects/573f79d02a8192902e20e34b/badge?branch=devel)](https://app.shippable.com/projects/573f79d02a8192902e20e34b)


Ansible
=======

Ansible is a radically simple IT automation system.  It handles configuration-management, application deployment, cloud provisioning, ad-hoc task-execution, and multinode orchestration - including trivializing things like zero downtime rolling updates with load balancers.

Read the documentation and more at https://ansible.com/

You can find installation instructions [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/intro_installation.html) for a variety of platforms. Most users should probably install a released version of Ansible from `pip`, a package manager or our [release repository](https://releases.ansible.com/ansible/). [Officially supported](https://www.ansible.com/ansible-engine) builds of Ansible are also available. Some power users run directly from the development branch - while significant efforts are made to ensure that `devel` is reasonably stable, you're more likely to encounter breaking changes when running Ansible this way.

Design Principles
=================

   * Have a dead simple setup process and a minimal learning curve
   * Manage machines very quickly and in parallel
   * Avoid custom-agents and additional open ports, be agentless by leveraging the existing SSH daemon
   * Describe infrastructure in a language that is both machine and human friendly
   * Focus on security and easy auditability/review/rewriting of content
   * Manage new remote machines instantly, without bootstrapping any software
   * Allow module development in any dynamic language, not just Python
   * Be usable as non-root
   * Be the easiest IT automation system to use, ever.

Get Involved
============

   * Read [Community Information](https://docs.ansible.com/community.html) for all kinds of ways to contribute to and interact with the project, including mailing list information and how to submit bug reports and code to Ansible.
   * All code submissions are done through pull requests.  Take care to make sure no merge commits are in the submission, and use `git rebase` vs `git merge` for this reason.  If submitting a large code change (other than modules), it's probably a good idea to join ansible-devel and talk about what you would like to do or add first and to avoid duplicate efforts.  This not only helps everyone know what's going on, it also helps save time and effort if we decide some changes are needed.
   * Users list: [ansible-project](https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-project)
   * Development list: [ansible-devel](https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-devel)
   * Announcement list: [ansible-announce](https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-announce) - read only
   * irc.freenode.net: #ansible

Branch Info
===========

   * Releases are named after Led Zeppelin songs. (Releases prior to 2.0 were named after Van Halen songs.)
   * The devel branch corresponds to the release actively under development.
   * Various release-X.Y branches exist for previous releases.
   * We'd love to have your contributions, read [Community Information](https://docs.ansible.com/community.html) for notes on how to get started.

Authors
=======

Ansible was created by [Michael DeHaan](https://github.com/mpdehaan) (michael.dehaan/gmail/com) and has contributions from over 1000 users (and growing).  Thanks everyone!

Ansible is sponsored by [Ansible, Inc](https://ansible.com)

License
=======
GNU General Public License v3.0

See [COPYING](COPYING) to see the full text.

Commit message:

point to the patched branches

README.md, after:

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ansible.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ansible)
[![Build Status](https://api.shippable.com/projects/573f79d02a8192902e20e34b/badge?branch=devel)](https://app.shippable.com/projects/573f79d02a8192902e20e34b)

Changing the SSH port with Ansible?
===================================

See the (README.md) on the "patched-\*" branches.

Ansible
=======

Ansible is a radically simple IT automation system.  It handles configuration-management, application deployment, cloud provisioning, ad-hoc task-execution, and multinode orchestration - including trivializing things like zero downtime rolling updates with load balancers.

Read the documentation and more at https://ansible.com/

You can find installation instructions [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/intro_installation.html) for a variety of platforms. Most users should probably install a released version of Ansible from `pip`, a package manager or our [release repository](https://releases.ansible.com/ansible/). [Officially supported](https://www.ansible.com/ansible-engine) builds of Ansible are also available. Some power users run directly from the development branch - while significant efforts are made to ensure that `devel` is reasonably stable, you're more likely to encounter breaking changes when running Ansible this way.

Design Principles
=================

   * Have a dead simple setup process and a minimal learning curve
   * Manage machines very quickly and in parallel
   * Avoid custom-agents and additional open ports, be agentless by leveraging the existing SSH daemon
   * Describe infrastructure in a language that is both machine and human friendly
   * Focus on security and easy auditability/review/rewriting of content
   * Manage new remote machines instantly, without bootstrapping any software
   * Allow module development in any dynamic language, not just Python
   * Be usable as non-root
   * Be the easiest IT automation system to use, ever.

Get Involved
============

   * Read [Community Information](https://docs.ansible.com/community.html) for all kinds of ways to contribute to and interact with the project, including mailing list information and how to submit bug reports and code to Ansible.
   * All code submissions are done through pull requests.  Take care to make sure no merge commits are in the submission, and use `git rebase` vs `git merge` for this reason.  If submitting a large code change (other than modules), it's probably a good idea to join ansible-devel and talk about what you would like to do or add first and to avoid duplicate efforts.  This not only helps everyone know what's going on, it also helps save time and effort if we decide some changes are needed.
   * Users list: [ansible-project](https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-project)
   * Development list: [ansible-devel](https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-devel)
   * Announcement list: [ansible-announce](https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-announce) - read only
   * irc.freenode.net: #ansible

Branch Info
===========

   * Releases are named after Led Zeppelin songs. (Releases prior to 2.0 were named after Van Halen songs.)
   * The devel branch corresponds to the release actively under development.
   * Various release-X.Y branches exist for previous releases.
   * We'd love to have your contributions, read [Community Information](https://docs.ansible.com/community.html) for notes on how to get started.

Authors
=======

Ansible was created by [Michael DeHaan](https://github.com/mpdehaan) (michael.dehaan/gmail/com) and has contributions from over 1000 users (and growing).  Thanks everyone!

Ansible is sponsored by [Ansible, Inc](https://ansible.com)

License
=======
GNU General Public License v3.0

See [COPYING](COPYING) to see the full text.
